feat: add Slack and Discourse links to docs landing page (#273)
flox/floxdocs: docs/index.md

- Create a portable [environment with transparent auth](https://flox.dev/blog/get-your-preferred-secrets-manager-in-a-portable-cross-platform-cli-toolkit/) via a third-party secrets manager so cross-platform workflows work the same everywhere: locally, in CI, or in production.

> ## __Have questions? Ask us on [Slack :fontawesome-brands-slack:](https://go.flox.dev/slack){:target="_blank"} or [Discourse :fontawesome-brands-discourse:](https://discourse.flox.dev){:target="_blank"}__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## __Have questions? 

Ask us on [Slack :fontawesome-brands-slack:](https://go.flox.dev/slack){:target="_blank"} or [Discourse :fontawesome-brands-discourse:](https://discourse.flox.dev){:target="_blank"}__
```

> Sometimes the quickest path to a solution is just to ask a Flox engineer directly. The questions you ask and feedback you provide often become direct inputs into our product roadmap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Flox product and engineering team loves to hear directly from users. Your questions and feedback will help us prioritize improvements to the product that matter to you. 
```
